# Social_Media_Machine_Learning
Given a data set with information about social media users, we predict user's location in the world (latitude and longitude). This was a final project for the Machine Learning course at Amherst College in the Fall of 2018, structured as an online competition through Kaggle. 
Co-contributor: Joseph Schneider, Amherst College '19

The code for our submission comes in four parts:
a) preprocess_final.py
b) preprocess_test_final.py
c) modelTesting.py
d) modelPredict.py

preprocess_final.py
- This file contains code that reads in the training, testing, and graph files. It then organizes the data and prepares it to be preprocessed by creating a list of each user's friends. Then, it creates the features for each point and appends it to the original point's features. It then standardizes the training set and saves X and y to a .pkl file to be loaded in the modeling files.

preprocess_test_final.py
- This file does the same thing as preprocess_final.py with minor changes due to preprocessing the test set rather than the training set.

modelTesting.py
- This file is not used to generate predictions for kaggle but is used to test different regressors. This file loads in the preprocessed data generated by preprocess_final.py and fits and predicts using different learners and calculates the root mean squared error.

modelPredict.py
- This file is used to generate predictions in the format the kaggle wants. It loads the preprocessed training and test sets and generates 1,000 predictions. This file saves the 1,000 predictions in a .csv file.
